Decouple interfaces package versioning (#1463)
OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/guides/interfaces-and-dispatchers.adoc

For example:

```cairo
use openzeppelin_interfaces::erc20::IERC20;
```

or

```cairo
use openzeppelin_interfaces::erc20::ERC20ABI;
```

NOTE: For simplicity, we'll use ERC20 as example but the same concepts apply to other modules.

== Interface traits

The library offers three types of traits to implement or interact with contracts:

=== Standard traits

These are associated with a predefined interface such as a standard.
This includes only the functions defined in the interface, and is the standard way to interact with a compliant contract.

```cairo
#[starknet::interface]
pub trait IERC20<TState> {
    fn total_supply(self: @TState) -> u256;
    fn balance_of(self: @TState, account: ContractAddress) -> u256;
    fn allowance(self: @TState, owner: ContractAddress, spender: ContractAddress) -> u256;
    fn transfer(ref self: TState, recipient: ContractAddress, amount: u256) -> bool;
    fn transfer_from(
        ref self: TState, sender: ContractAddress, recipient: ContractAddress, amount: u256
    ) -> bool;
    fn approve(ref self: TState, spender: ContractAddress, amount: u256) -> bool;
}
```

=== ABI traits

> They describe a contract's complete interface. This is useful to interface with a preset contract offered by this library, such as the ERC20 preset that includes functions from different traits such as `IERC20` and `IERC20Camel`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They describe a contract's complete interface. This is useful to interact with a preset contract offered by this library, such as the ERC20 preset that includes functions from different standards such as `IERC20` and `IERC20Camel`.
```
